Modify the class written in class room session.

a) add the appropriate constructors.
	i) write constructor to intialize (ano,name)
	ii) write constructor to initialize(ano,name,balance)
b) write a method that may print the average of n numbers of accounts.
c) change the setData method to static method.
d) write a method to deposit some amount in an account.
e) write a method to withdraw some amount from an account.
f) write a method to compare two account objects.
	(if all fields are same objects will considered same)

you are working on an insurance domain project design the class for
Policy (pcode,pname,ptype,minamount,maxamount,lowage,maxage)

1) write the appropriate setters / getters methods.
2) write the appropriate constructors.
3) write one method to show the details of multiple policies.


You are working on a eduction domain project design the class for
Student management.
Student(rno,name,sub1,sub2,sub3)
1) write the appropriate setters / getters methods.
2) write the appropriate constructors.
3) write the method to print the report card of an individual student.
4) manage the overall passed / overall fail candidate.
5) write a method to print the average marks of student.

Task-1
--------
you are working on an insurance domain project and you need to manage
many products (policies)

LifeInsurance(pcode,pname,min_sum_assured,max_sum_assured,payment_mode,policy_term,nominee)
HealthInsuranc(pcode,pname,sum_assured,rent_per_day,pre_hosp,post_hosp)
VehicleInsurance(pcode,pname,sum_assured,regno,engno)
HomeInsurance(pcode,pname,sum_assured,building_cost,appliance_cost,address)

desing the above classes using proper inheritanc.

methods
constructors
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Task-2
--------

you are working for banking domain.
ATM module.

1) create a specification for a ATMCard.
2) create some cards  like SBICard, ICICICard
   implementing the ATMCard.
3) create an ATMMachine code.
	(your ATMMachine should accept any card)





1) Write any class using singleton design     pattern.
2) Write a program for user authentication.
   user will pass userid  and password from
   command line arguments. your program 
   will check whether user is a valid user or 
   not. if user is valid give him a welcome msg.
   if id is wrong show him id is incorrect and
   if pwd is wrong show him pwd is incorrect.
	(correct id is "indore" correct pwd "india")
    (id will be case insensitive and pwd will be
    case sensitive).
3) Write the above program with using equalsIgnoreCase.


4)    use will pas some city name  from command line  argument and  your programm will display there accurence  order ( can't use any builtin  short function )


5 )  user  will pass   a sentance   and a word  from command line  argument  we have to show all the accurence  and no. of  words in given that sentence  

6) write a program to count no. of charector  (small  &  capital)   digits  in  teh  given  String .  


7) Write a program to check for a palindrome
   using StringBuffer.
8 ) write a  programm  to check for a palindrome  without using StringBuffer 
9) Write a program to replace all the digits
   with # in the given String.

10)  write a programm  to print the  separate   items of  the  given String  
String s  = " india ,australiya , usa,uk , canada" (don't use  split  or StringTokenizer)

11 )   your are writing a java  programm  for  the file encryption  user will pass  a file  name   & your programm
      will change the extension  to .enc . 
12) Your have a string
	String s="indore,bhopal,delhi;india,america,canada";
   print city names and country names separately.

13 ) you have a String  
     String s  =" india ,bhopal,delhi; india,america,canada " ( dynamic input )

 output should be /
			cities 
                        indore 
                        bhopal
                        dehli
                       countries 
                       america 
			canada 


14) You have a String
	"1.Java,2.Oracle,3.Php,4.Sybase";
	print the subject names only.

15) Accept two values from command prompt.   if user is not passing second value    give him a message pass second value.
    if user is not passing even a single value  give him a message pass two values.
		




